# Zeptifer (axeqq) Exposed ~ Mercure Raider
This is a repository of all screenshots and axeqqs skidded raider to prove he cant code!

Contributors: `VatosV2 (vatos.py)` & `NovexTheRizzler (symtomers)`

> Why did we expose him?
So what happend was that. Novex (symtomers) went to a server where they were making a tool named `maple raider` where i showed my old tool i made called `quorix` and the owner of the server didnt like that i was self promoting
and banned me!. after a while i got an freind request from a person named Zeptifer so i dmed him back saying hello, and then he dmed me back saying on quote `"I saw your raider and i think its pretty good wanna work together?"` and then he showed me his old raider `"deadlyv1"` i dont have a picture anymore but it was just a skidded version of gang nuker all the same shit. but i still said it was good. so i started working with him tbh he just used me to get more fucntions for his new raider `"Mercure Raider"` like everything in it is from me and Vatos's Old Raider we both were a victom. and then i didnt talk to him for 2 months and after 2 months he asked me to rate his raider which was `"Mercure Raider"` and it was good but everything was from chatgpt and from me and vatos old raider. like he SKIDDED everything in it from my authsystem to vatos bypass tools and then he dmed me saying that he leaked Vatos's `"Nexus RaiderV1"` and told me he is gonna skid everything from joiner to his bypass. and in his raider code we posted has so many backdoors like getting customers tokens and proxies like omg and if not believe us here are the screenshots below!
